Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_content-views-in-projectname.adoc

[id="Content-Views-in-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]
= Content Views in {ProjectName}

A _content view_ defines a deliberately curated subset of content that your hosts can access.
Each content view creates a set of repositories across each environment.
The {ProjectServer} stores and manages these repositories.

> You can use content views to define which software versions a particular environment or {SmartProxyServer} uses.

Reviewer: Here I would suggest using a passive to improve readability. This must be a first for me.

```suggestion

```

Or maybe better

`You can define the software versions used by a particular environment or {SmartProxyServer} by using content views.`

> For example:
> 
> * You can create a content view with older package versions for a Production environment and another content view with newer package versions for a Development environment.
> * You can create a content view with a package repository required by an operating system and another content view with a package repository required by an application.
> 
> You can also combine content views to create a _composite content view_ for ease of management.

Reviewer: This could be improved. Intro to a list should be a full sentence. This will also help us not repeat information in each bullet. I would also bulletify the last line:

```suggestion
For example, you can create content views in the following ways:

* A content view with older package versions for a production environment and another content view with newer package versions for a Development environment.
* A content view with a package repository required by an operating system and another content view with a package repository required by an application.
* A _composite content view_ that combines content views for easier management.
```

.Default Organization View
A _Default Organization View_ is an application-controlled content view for all content that is synchronized to {Project}.

> Default Organization View useful if you want to register a host to {Project} and access content using a subscription, without manipulating content views and lifecycle environments.

Reviewer: missing verb, "by using", improve readability

```suggestion
Default Organization View is useful if you want to register a host to {Project} and access content by using a subscription and without manipulating content views and lifecycle environments.
```

.Promoting a content view across environments
When you promote a content view from one environment to the next environment in the application life cycle, the respective repository on {ProjectServer} updates and publishes the packages.

> In the following example, the repositories for Testing and Production contain the `_example_software_-1.0-0.{client-pkg-arch}.{client-pkg-ext}` package:

Reviewer: As per the RH SSG, user-replaced values should be italicized and in angled brackets:

```suggestion
In the following example, the repositories for Testing and Production contain the `_<example_software>_-1.0-0.{client-pkg-arch}.{client-pkg-ext}` package:
```

Reviewer: Apply below as well.
